ENH: Viz for spatial filters (#13332)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/dev/13332.newfeature.rst

> Implement :class:`mne.decoding.SpatialFilter` container class for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement :class:`mne.decoding.SpatialFilter` class returned by :func:`mne.decoding.get_spatial_filter_from_estimator` for
```
